but 9 and they very complicated piece
I always find this compares to the
asked for ahlers
here 2
it all easier this is real
complicated work to which note i were
way
work where I am very erratic but like me
once in your system then is
the most fantastic music further there
exists
No
is a bit known as his
kind of farewell greeting
placing part is a long slow
part and he has one himself
number are credited from goodbye
to the world and
kind of farewell symphony and it is
really so it's the end of romance
they are also very much it
sounds that those that anyway with
hers are true to the one
little project and then music consists of
lots of layers
you have to listen incredibly through it
there is fantastic
especially the position is tricky because there
also with the strings or we different
rhythms make things happen to you
you have to be incredibly careful that you do that
He still can music her
combing can play and challenge and that
remains
laughed every time
bitch all natural balance
And yes that is just a kind of perfection
is incredible
and I also think our conductor cat that
he dares to have incredible control
so really really very slow too
go and rest
really mailing
Ah
nice is that it is just a huge
very long tension arc has such
symbolic and you hope it until
that the tension remains that it is that
it as a whole already a piece and a half
hour because it is not
patchy and and now you know this one
bit that becomes but that it
coherent and that that's the public
that make work that one or beautiful
tension is in the room and that it is from
the beginning to end is fascinating with every one
part is actually strong in this
family fancy home that are all
interesting very characteristic but
the last part is just so awful
nice ends like that
healthy way that is a total
rest I think that's great